[Music]
[Singing]
Hi! Hi, PLLI! Have you been well?
Today's my birthday.
Then let me sing you a welcome song. Let's go!
[Bamby sings]
All right! PLLI, how was that?
This spoon gives me reverb, so
I'm putting it to very good use.
It looks like this is your first time here. What do
you think? This is the Bonggu Patch orchard road.
The Bonggu Patch orchard road. It's huge, right?
Great. I was thinking we could
sit down and chat for a while.
I'm going to sit here.
Well, you’ve been waiting a long time, right?
We've got lots of fun things planned today, so
join me. I can hear the grasshoppers now too.
Right? Ripe?
Isn’t it a really nice atmosphere?
I love this country atmosphere.
Have you eaten much watermelon?
I've eaten tons of watermelon. I
look like an orchard owner's son?
That's right. I'm the
orchard owner--a landowner.
My birthday began right at midnight, you know. But
the order in which everyone congratulated me...
That was a little unexpected, wasn't it?
Yejun hyung is usually the first, but he was late
this time. Hamin was the first to congratulate me.
Right at midnight, Hamin sent me
a birthday message on Weverse.
Eunho was very quick too. His
message was really touching.
Let's set Noah hyung aside. As for Yejun hyung--he
apologized a lot. Noah hyung was very quick too.
And Yejun hyung congratulated me fourth--last.
I met Yejun hyung today and heard his explanation.
Everyone had their own circumstances.
He'd actually been preparing from twenty minutes
beforehand, but several things came up. So I'm not upset.
There was a reason.
So it's fine. That's how the
members congratulated me.
The members all congratulated me. [Snorts]
Now, about Bamby's birthday food...
Today happens to be Boknal, everyone. You
know Boknal, right? The day you eat chicken.
So I actually didn't know today, but
now that I think about it, I ate it.
My first meal was a sandwich with
chicken breast, so I did eat chicken.
Then I heard it was Boknal, so Hamin,
Noah, and I ordered samgyetang.
We polished off the samgyetang. Eating
it certainly couldn't hurt, so we did.
Yeah.
I usually observe days like this.
Did you all eat chicken for Boknal?
But if everyone in the world eats chicken on
Boknal, won't the world run out of chickens?
Still, you should eat it. It's healthy--there's
ginseng and all sorts of things boiled in it.
Jujubes too, and that nourishing broth. I hope
you all get something restorative to eat.
Do it again on a day like this. When will
you do it again? Make up your mind. Right?
Hmm.
Oh, you don't know what my
usual livestream food is?
My livestream food? It's that sandwich.
I always have Greek yogurt too.
A sandwich plus Greek yogurt.
I add a lot of extras to the Greek yogurt. I practically
created a new menu--I should've opened a shop.
To that extent, I tend to add things of
my own. Yeah. It's really delicious.
Oh, there's corn behind me. I'll eat it later.
It's not done yet, so I'll eat it later because I'm talking
to you guys. We're going to eat and ride this bike, right?
I don't ride a bike. Let's not eat dinner.
Oh, there's a TV, right? There's a TV.
Anyway, today I am telling you
again about regeneration. ruler,
And now you all have seen it.
You've all seen this, right?
It's the Bamdaring. Bamdaring.
Oh, did you get the right size? I don't know.
[Clears throat]
It’s really pretty, right? Yeah.
hmm. What are we doing today?
Stay with me for two hours and you'll
find out. Let's spend two hours together.
Now, is there anyone who is wearing it? Ah, he is
wearing it. Oh, I was already wearing it. Boy, really.
You already put it on? Got it. Why is
it called Bamdaring? Because it's cute.
Bamdaring--because I do 'Damdadi.'
I combined the words to make 'Bamdaring.'
Eunho's ring has been revealed too.
Eunho's ring is rather simple. Mine
has more of this uneven texture.
I added lots of details because I wanted it to
feel vintage. The star represents PLLI and me.
PLLI and me. This ring will
inevitably get scratched over time.
But I think it'll become even
prettier as it picks up scratches.
You know what I mean? I'm not telling you to scratch it
deliberately. Is it like Bamby's jeans? What does that mean?
Yeah. Anyway, this is something I like to do quickly. I like
this slightly vintage taste after the water has been drained.
This feels a bit like that too, so this one has
something like that again. These people too
People are like that too. People like us get
scarred, but that's how we become complete.
That finished form is beautiful.
It's why we seek out vintage things.
You don't need to distress it deliberately. Rings
get scratched and clothes age into vintage pieces.
They gain their own heritage. This
ring's story begins right now.
So don't worry too much if it gets scratched.
My ring is vintage--that's the whole idea.
A few scratches might make it prettier. That's
right--it could become a ring you wear forever.
Oh, it's that kind of emotion.
I kind of thought Yeah.
And every scratch it gets from now on will be a
mark from the time we've spent together. Okay?
I also described its 'power': when you're happy, rub the
ring with your thumb and store that feeling inside it.
When things aren't going well, rub it
again and bring that feeling back.
That's based on something from my
childhood. I was terrified of the dentist.
Even though my mom worked at a dental clinic, I hated going--the
sounds and lying there with my mouth open terrified me.
I had a little toy-like object
that I always carried with me.
It was tiny. Holding it in my
pocket somehow gave me courage.
You probably have some experience. You may not
remember, but if you look back, you'll probably
You probably all had something like that.
You're still afraid of the dentist? So am I.
It's honestly a miracle that I had all
my wisdom teeth removed. Unbelievable.
[Clears throat]
So you could think of this
as a kind of lucky charm.
What if you think about it? Yeah.
PLLI is really afraid of the dentist too.
Why are you so scared? You have two wisdom teeth left?
One of mine hurt too, but I had all four removed.
If you're doing it, just
take them all out at once.
[Clears throat]
Huh.
I always get scolded for doing that. But yes, believe
in it--carry it with you and it'll protect you.
Wait--it's my birthday, but there's
still no cake. When is the cake coming?
Hey, it's been such a long time.
Oh my, that's it.
You brought the cake! How am I
supposed to take it? Thank you.
Here it is. Happy birthday to you...
[Music]
Happy birthday! Wow, it's pretty. It's been
a while since the staff brought me a cake.
It's cute. They say it’s cute. I ate.
Line hand line hand line bread.
Yeah. Well, I'm going to go. I'm
going to go. I'm going to go. go.
Here is my cake. Shall I
show it to you up close?
How about I show you this? Is this
it? This is it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. This is it. Wait a minute. Cute, right?
Okay, everyone. Let's blow out the
candles together. Take a deep breath.
One, two, three! Bamby, happy birthday!
Yeah.
Now, should I leave this here?
Ah, [Sighs] Now, aren’t we
curious about this place?
There are so many things these days.
Right? Hey, is this really a joke?
You know? What do you mean? It's
completely natural, really. ah.
Now, let me introduce what is here on Bongsu
Bongsu Bongsu Gasuwon-gil. how is it?
Okay, okay. Now, there's
a peach tree in the back.
There's a watermelon patch below--you can see them all, right?
And the peaches are lined up behind me. Cute, isn't it?
Cute.
Uh, if I were to farm, oh [Sighs]
I kind of want to try that.
There are things like sweet potatoes and potatoes grown
in that land. It's fun. So I think it would be fun.
Of course, balsam and things
like that are really good.
There's lettuce too. You pick and wash it,
then wrap your meat in it with perilla leaves.
I think it would be really fun to do something like
6th round with real raw fish. You know what I mean?
[Clears throat]
Now, [Sighs] PLLI
Ah, Vice President, if I grow it, I'll
give it to you organically. Yeah.
Let me understand.
Uh, hey, I know. Come up without a sound.
It's cute.
It's cute, right?
[Laughs]
Okay.
So, uh, there's a lot of grass here. Have any plants come
into my house? There are also people who are curious.
Almost everything has changed. Yeah.
Oh, Ple Ple Ding is bigger than Ban B?
When did this little one grow so much? You've grown well.
You must be eating well, so I don't need to worry. Cute!
[Clears throat]
I think the plants, uh, have almost changed.
Because I can't raise it quickly enough. Well honestly.
Yeah. I'm feeling helpless and out of my mind
I missed the timing and ended up like this,
so yes, that's how it happened. So uh
It's okay to just leave one or four
this time, not too many. Yeah.
Hmm.
I like plants that grow well without needing
too much attention for long periods.
Yeah. I remember that and I
said that again. in the bubble
I dropped that watch but it didn't break. I hung
that watch again. Yeah. That's on the wall now
It's a stick-on hook. The hook fell off when the adhesive
weakened, but you can attach it here like this...
Because I can't beat it. So I hung it like this. I
just put it back on. But it doesn't fall now. Yeah.
Yeah. no. It's not that I can't raise it because I'm
busy. How long does it take to do something like that?
[Clears throat]
Yeah. Yeah. That's how it happened. great.
Okay. Uh, everyone. Uh, [Snorts] But what is my
birthday item? But is this all my birthday items?
Yeah. I'm a little brave, but there's
nothing like that. Just this time.
Oh, none.
What? Is there anything this time? oh.
PLLI, can you hear me? PLLI.
What quickly? Hurry up.
Hey what? hey.
Oh wow
Have I really become smaller?
Hey, it gets this small? Isn't this almost
an ant? Oh, it's really become a bit pink.
Just wait a minute. Oh wait. What is this?
Hey, I got ears. Wow.
Hey, you have this, but is there a lot? no.
Is this [Snorts] strange?
Oh, really, this isn't all a lie.
Guys, I don’t think this should be decorated.
Oh, but you can decorate it too.
I need to sing a song.
[Snorts]
Wait for a sec. I didn't know I was this small.
Yeah. [Snorts]
[Sighs]
[Bamby sings]
Hey, it's good.
I shouldn't decorate it again, but it's become
like a dream again. Yeah. Ah, when I dream
No. But you can also decorate it. Yeah.
[Clears throat]
Okay, [Sighs] Okay. Now, shall we take a selfie?
[Laughs] Suddenly [Gasps]
Selfie everyone. Wow, thank you.
Thank you. Yes, thank you and
let’s do a self-cam like this
I wish I could take a look
around Bamby right now.
I have a watch now, and I think my grandfather
used to search for this star candy a lot.
There's a kettle and a watermelon, but wow, if the
watermelon is this big, I could eat it for a lifetime.
Wow, he has a real penis and K is really big.
If you eat all of this, you will get an iron sugar
spike. Hey, this is real, this is so big. That's it.
Oh right. Have I changed
this too? wait for a sec.
Oh, it's sunrise.
No, it's like this. Nothing much.
Yeah, it's just nothing special.
Yeah, it's all in. Oh, well,
it's a song again. [laugh]
Now, [Snorts] Everyone, I wanted to sing a
lot for you, so I did it. Yeah. So [Snorts]
I thought it would be nice if this was a bit of a no-brainer
and a bit of an exciting surprise. Yes, I have it.
I also like reverb. Well, I thought it would be a good
idea to try singing with this, so I'll try singing again.
[Snorts]
Ah.
[Clears throat]
[Bamby sings in English]
Yeah. Wow, I'm surprised. Oh, really.
Hey, it's cute. Yes, Yeah. There is no applause.
Uh. uh. thank you.
It's so mechanical, guys. I say this
plainly, but you have to be sincere.
Oh, it's scary.
Isn't it cute? Still, they are my friends.
Stop. Now is the time
Oh, okay, use it well.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, do it too, okay, okay.
Oh, I don't want to reveal my age to my friends.
I did it. I really meant
to reveal it, but I did.
[Snorts]
Okay, good. But wait a minute.
[Snorts] Yeah. how is it?
How is it?
[Laughs]
Isn't it cute?
[Snorts]
Ah, Hamtori is cute. I really think it's cute.
Now then, [Sighs] I'm sorry, but would you
like to show off your skills? It won't work.
Ah, now I have to relax my body. What is this?
Ah, it's okay if Choi Bonggu
doesn't dance the chung.
I need to show you. Let's go.
Oh, wait a minute, I'm sorry
for proceeding so abruptly.
Oh, wait a minute, that was in
mirror mode in the first place.
[Snorts]
Okay, I shouldn't see this.
Please give me high school.
Oh, I'll do it again. [Laughs]
I'm confused. okay. I'll try it.
Okay. I made some simple preparations.
I need to volley my skills. Okay.
[Sigh][Gasp]
Now, if I can, I will dance about one or three times today. So,
you get the feeling that this was done last and best, right?
[Snorts] So I'm going to do this one more time.
Because I don’t want to regret it. I won’t
leave any regrets today. Now, let's go.
[Panting]
Now, let's move on.
I was wrong. Now, let's try the
next one. Oh, okay. I am Mikeson.
Yeah. I brought you a lot of popular
challenges these days. Let's go.
[Music]
I'll do it again.
[Laughs]
[Gasp] Hey, go back to sleep, I'll go. Sorry.
[Music]
Okay. It was good. Is it the end?
I want to see the next one again.
What are you curious about next?
I only ate today. I decided to steal your hearts
[Sigh][Gasp]
I'll show you clearly. Let's go.
Oh my gosh, I got caught up in
this again. I'll do it now.
Oh, why is he coming out so quickly?
[Snorts]
Wait a minute. [Laughs] [Gasps]
I'll do it again. okay. okay. okay.
Madam. Oh, please listen to this
link on the internet. sorry.
The kids were all caught. What should I do?
Yeah [Snorts] What?
[Clears throat]
You know Bed, right? This is really trendy
these days. Bed Challenge everyone.
Okay. Let's go. Yeah.
Which
[Music]
Okay. Well, I got the feeling. I knew
the feeling. It's a song like this.
Uh. Oh my, I can’t tell the
difference between these times. okay.
[Sighs]
Go. Hey, can you dance?
Come to work. Go. Oh, I can hit this.
I don't think I can play this.
Hey, what is the movement line? Where did you
come up with this? Have you decided on this?
Okay.
[Clears throat] Try it. Try it. Try it.
[Music]
That's not right. You are very businesslike.
Okay.
Hey
Oh why? Come on kid. Come on [Sighs]
For now, leave, leave, okay, okay, okay
Now I know, let's go
Oh my friends, you did a good
job. Now then, our babies
Since you interrupted me, I'll do another version without
the interruption. I shouldn't show this video at all.
You don’t have to show it. okay. please.
[Music]
Okay. okay.
Okay, good. For now, here we go.
Now, [Sighs] how was it?
[Sighs]
Whew. Ah, [Sighs] Ah. Ah,
it's nice to be smaller.
I have a feeling.
It's too small. however
On the other hand, what should I do? You can't
do it. You should have fallen in love already.
Ah, [Sighs] I have a girlish beauty?
[Snorts]
Oh my, you think it’s cute? Well, I didn't give it
a cute dance, but it can be cute. If you're cute
They say it's over, but am I that cute?
Then it's over. Now please.
But now that watch is not running.
But now it stops on my birthday, right?
[Clears throat]
[Snorts]
I fell in love. Oh my, what are you falling for?
Well, freedom. hmm. Yeah. what are we eating
I have it now. Is it raining
a little on Terra now?
I know it's a bit humid, but it's
humid here too. It's humid, but now
Now that I am so much in nature,
I feel like the sun is setting.
Eunwoo Weverse said it was
a floating Hamtolde. Hmm.
[Snorts]
Now, when I'm plotting, I
think about Eunno a lot.
I see and learn a lot about
what happens to Ui-no.
You don't learn everything, except for
the extracts. So what about this friend?
I have no hesitation in flirting.
There is no hesitation and
It doesn't seem to pass through a filter in my head--the
words just come straight out, without hesitation.
I don't know how he does it, but
it's definitely his personality.
Wonho, it could be because I am a child. Yeah.
You know those Instagram posts about INFPs? The ones
about what they think in different situations...
And what makes them feel better? Wow, I really
must be an INFP. So much of it fits me.
Uh, for example [Snorts] What is it? So,
well, I saw it today too. What I saw today
There was one about sitting on a bench. Say I'm resting
there and get up to leave just as someone arrives...
If they sit beside me, I'll stay a few more minutes
so they don't think I'm leaving because of them.
But I understand what it is, I don't do that, but
I think I understand the feeling. So a little bit
I really hate getting hurt by other people's
[Snorts] and getting hurt because of myself.
They said Yeah. And they say they
don't have the courage to be hated.
I'm not exactly like that, though. I read both volumes of
The Courage to Be Disliked and learned a lot from them.
That's really good.
Hmm. [Snorts] Uh. uh. oh. Surprised. what?
Uh.
Hey, it seems like I can't catch it.
Please [gasps] I got you.
It's puffed rice everyone. It's puffed rice.
You know? If the fried rice is humid, it becomes
soggy. Then it is not fried rice. It is fake.
Jai, this pufferfish is really big.
If you look at it like this, right?
This is what it looks like
here. I saw it earlier
[Laughs]
Should I try breaking this?
Let's give it a try. I'll do
this ASM for you. I'll try it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, the shogunate, that's it.
Well, I guess I'll have to return it here.
How is it? Wow! Hey! uh!
Hey, this is really cute.
Hey, what are you doing? [Gasp][Laughter]
Oh, there's another one. Hey,
I think I'll get caught.
Hey, you think we have another parallel here.
This is quantum mechanically
impossible. What should I do?
What should I do? [Laughs] It was me. Ah, [Sigh] [Gasp] I
caught it with difficulty. I look forward to you this time.
You've been waiting for some ASMR. Let's go.
Ah,
This sheds so many crumbs. Seriously,
don't eat it in your parents' car.
Should I do rain ASMR sometime
too? Oh, is that what you mean?
Don't you like that sound? It helps
you sleep. There's another one too.
Got it. [Gasps] I'll try
breaking this one differently.
Shall I make this one look
cool? Don't be startled.
The powder is actually really pretty.
What do you think?
Whew, done.
That was like ASMR. Honestly, it was the best.
That wasn't easy. Let me deal
with this powder for a moment.
Have you ever seen one this
big? Or broken one before?
You haven't, right? Neither have I.
[Snorts]
What should we play with next?
Shall I climb inside the kettle?
No. I don't often get the
chance to be this tiny.
I want to try everything while I'm this size.
Could I ride a piece of paper on the water?
Wow. [Snorts] Oh, wait a minute. clock.
Clock. [Sigh] Here.
Uh, what is this?
I hear something from the clock.
It must be an alarm sound. uh?
[Screams]
Hey, don't make weird noises.
Speed ​​up. Speed ​​up. More more more.
[Laughs]
Everyone, you were curious about how I run,
right? This is how you do it. like this.
Come on, stop, stop. Hey, it
won't stop. I was in big trouble.
Riya, come on. uh.
Oh, and exercise. Ah, this can be good exercise.
What time should I go by? Do
you have time to watch this?
Let’s go at 12:32. Can you
get it right? Plant it.
When it's 12:32, the hour
hand really doesn't move.
Oh, let's go, at 12:32
Now it's corner inside corner to meet PLLI.
When I went to Japan, I did cardio like this.
This is me living that legacy. Everyone, you were
curious, right? Set 32 ​​minutes. I really said it.
Time doesn't go by very well.
Uh, the clock is going back, so you have to keep doing
well. You can't really make it real. You can't die.
Didn’t it become poetic?
No, no, no, no, I'm quitting
this. No, no, I didn't quit.
It's not over, it's not over. Yes, how
should I have it? Wait, it's 12 o'clock.
Ah, okay, okay, 32 minutes, okay,
we're there. Okay, we're there.
We're here. We're here. I'll fix it all for you.
One two yap. Ah, uh, that's it.
Okay? Perfect.
This is the perfect time, really. hey.
[Laughs]
[Snorts] Ah. Oh, really. Oh, I'm hungry. hungry.
Should I try some K? Should
I try that? wait for a sec.
[Snorts]
What happens if you eat this? It's too big.
[Panting]
To
I ate well. doesn't exist.
Now, do whatever you want. Then
[Snorts]
Let me touch him for a moment.
There's something unusual about this guy.
Isn't he usually here when he's having fun?
Sunbarak, wait a minute.
Oh ah I really
Ah, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, I can't eat normally.
Are you starving? Just eat it all. Hey, yeah.
Wait a minute, I, I, wait a minute, just
one, one, one, no, no, me and me, really.
It's done, eat, eat, eat, eat
[Snorts]
It's delicious, I ate it all
Eat. Don't store it here, eat it
right away. Don't store it in a bowl.
Yeah. Grab it. I want to eat too.
First of all, really. Oh my, really
[Snorts]
No, it's over now
Wow, really [Snorts] Well,
I came back here happily.
Done. Ah, [Sighs] Because it's so small, it can
also be big above sea level. I'm full, try this.
Ah. [Sighs]
[Laughs]
Ah, but the hamster is really
cute. PLLI [snorts] Right?
Hey, I eat it with the skin on. I
also eat fruits with the peel. Yeah.
Like my own shell, I have the nutrients of
the shell. Only the shell was left behind.
That's right.
[Snorts]
Okay. oh my. Because I’m a little full
now. Whew. What else should we try?
How about us?
[Snorts]
Good. I like it.
So is there anything you
want to see? me challenge
There's a challenge that's a bit trendy
these days that I wish Bamby would do.
Then I'll try that.
[Snorts]
[Clears throat]
Ah ah pretty girl
Love Attack Pretty Girl Oh, it’s
overwhelming, Pretty Girl Pretty Girl
Pretty Pretty Girl A Risend senior's Pretty Girl
[Snorts]
Okay Pretty, let’s do it. Let’s go.
[Music]
Where do you do it, pretty girl?
Oh, you're not a senior.
Are you Heungbae? It doesn't
matter. You can do it as a senior.
[Snorts]
[Clears throat]
Now, let's try the Love Tech Love Attack song from
earlier and now the Love Attack song from the same group.
Let me try this [Sighs]. please.
Oh, wait a minute. [Snorts]
Let me try again. okay.
[Music]
Uh, sorry. Sorry again.
Show me.
[Music]
This is a little bit less homework.
[Sighs]
Okay. I told you three times before, I'll
say it one more time. It was good. see.
[Music]
Okay, just a little bit now
Take advantage of the momentum
[Snorts]
Let's see. I also prepared other songs. okay.
I'll go. Beep.
[Music]
Okay.
Do you feel sorry? Shall we do it one more
time? I'll do it one more time. Let's go.
[Music]
It was good. I even sprained.
[Snorts]
[Gasps]
Well, there's another one. Oh, is there
anything? Ah, it's over. Oh, okay. great.
How was it? Cute, right?
[Clears throat]
Oh, drink water.
We are thankful that our PLLI always takes
care of our water and moisture issues.
[Sighs]
I prepared a lot. Of course, how could I not?
I just waited for this day.
Ah, ajubaek, what was it?
Well, let's take a look. What is that?
This is it.
I'll just have to do what
PLLI wants and move on.
Please use it as your secret
weapon. What is the secret weapon?
Oh, can this be a mirror?
Oh, this is a trend these
days. Is it happening again?
Would you like me to sing something you’ve never done
before? I've done things I've never done before.
Oh, you're asking for a new one. Oh, okay.
Let's take a look. Let me take a look at this.
Yeah. Please show me.
[Music]
Okay. I'll watch it a few more times.
I'll give it a try.
Hey, it was my first time seeing it. [Music] Ah,
[Music]
Under. okay. I'll try it one more time.
Hand throwing circle
[Music]
Two three two [Music] Okay. I'll do it right.
You didn't do it right.
[Snorts]
This works out.
[Sighs]
[Gasps]
Well, let me see then. Yeah.
[Music]
Ah, I got it. okay. I'll do
it one more time. it's okay.
[Music]
Ah, that's it. Okay again. [Sigh] Let’s see.
Ah, roughly [Laughs] Okay, let’s move on.
[Snorts] It was good.
I did what the play wanted
[Laughs]
Next time, I'll come and do it properly. Yeah.
Oh my, it's okay.
Oh, there are so many. what
We have a lot to do, so I'll
show you more later today.
[Clears throat]
[Snorts]
Okay? Ten counts.
Drink some water
[Sighs]
'Bamby's drooling'? Stop it.
It's not like I spill this much. You've never seen
it before. It's all just guesses and predictions.
Who can confirm the diagnosis?
Only our members know that.
[Clears throat]
Hey, my birthday is Free's birthday.
That's why I'm trying to prepare a lot.
[Clears throat]
Well, fanmating and concerts are also held in
this way. While communicating a little bit
I do corners and perform on stage, so
it feels a bit like a one-man concert.
Right?
[Clears throat]
What is acupressure? You are truly
amazing. It's a stinging poison, right?
There's a spit faucet over here. Wow, this
is really too much. It's a poisonous place.
Oh really.
Yeah. Isn't there something so nice about the sounds of
nature now? I think the BGM really puts my mind at ease.
The clock says 12:32. Ah, Mami.
Ah, [Snorts] But I can't hear Memi these
days. Now I can't hear it. of course.
Because the sale was carried
out here by air. and.
Oh my. no. are you okay.
Oh, I guess this country is like that sometimes.
Sometimes my head and my heart feel a little different.
Sometimes you need to stop. Come somewhere like
this, eat watermelon, and clear your mind...
It's really good, but it doesn't
work well. Stop thinking about this.
This is difficult because everyone wants to
live well. But people who do that live well.
I have to live well. Is it a cold?
Oh, my nose is runny.
That's right.
It was a bit like that. Payment is
emotional. Just like I said. uh.
Oh, you ask me if the grass is breathing, but it is
breathing and I am sleeping. Look at that. It's moving now.
I'm sleeping. Sleeping.
Hmm. So [Snorts] What's the big deal? Now,
let me show you. Ah, Yeah. wait for a sec.
It's cool. Should I try watermelon? how is it?
Oh, I see.
Ah, I ate too quickly.
[Snorts]
Ah, it's cool. Yes, Yeah. It's cool.
Ah, but I like cool things.
[Snorts]
I don't have that. Where is my parallel?
[Gasps]
I'm really, really exhausted.
Bring it to Pyeongnae.
[Music]
But I still have to love you
[Laughs]
[Gasps]
My Pyongyang. [Laughs] Where are you now?
Sorry. I'm going crazy. Parallel.
Wow, if things are parallel like this again and
again, I can live for the rest of my life now.
Did you just hear a cracking sound?
Wow, look at me. Wow, awesome.
Hey. Ah, good.
[Panting]
It's okay. I don't know. [snorts]
I don’t know. [Laughs] I eat.
Eh, slow. [Gasps] Oh, that's
it. I ate well. [Gasp]
[moaning]
[Laughs]
[Snorts]
Ah, it's delicious. Well, I'm
definitely a cool person.
Did you see it? I don't empty it.
Oh, I'm full. Now I've had too much.
I've been eating a bit too
much these days [snorts].
Something really big happened. But you just have
to move as hard as you eat. Ah, I'm very full.
Ah. ah. uh.
Now, is this too much to eat?
Oh, wait a minute. Ah, it feels
a little different now, spring.
Uh, wait a minute.
That's right, that's right. Right, right.
Ah. [Sigh] It got bigger again. It
got bigger again. What should I do?
I don't have a dream.
[Laughs]
Why did I have so many dreams? I did well!
Why didn't you have a bad dream?
Saya, how was your day?
I've grown a lot, right? This feels strange.
I'm still not that big, though. I
ate a lot, so I've grown taller.
My ears stayed the same? No,
the tail is still there.
What? why?
What?
What does that say? Two, twenty-eight,
forty-eight, zero-one... two and four?
There's a message? What am I supposed to do?
What?
[Snorts] Oh, a member sent this.
This is from one of the members.
It looks like I'm supposed to guess who.
I think the hidden meaning is 'ipansa-pan.'
I told you, it's 'ipansa-pan.'
[Snorts] Who wrote this? Was it Eunho?
[Snorts]
That's right.
Isn't it Eunho? It uses two and four, so it has
a hidden meaning. Zero-one-two-four--right.
2nd edition 4th edition I love Park Young-won.
Oh, that's right. It's a judgment call. I
will love you forever. This is Ye Junhyung.
[Snorts]
Right? Not making it public? I think
it's Ye Jinyoung, but this is it.
Uh. Ah, I have to guess again. 149 486
Angel Angel Bonene
I'll tell you I love you three times, get you
eight times, and kiss you six times. Right?
I love you like an angel. Oh, 486 is love.
Ah [Snorts] Beep beep. Ah, then
this person must be a bit older.
Oh, I got a call. The first message you entered.
This is the 2nd and 4th edition. I will love you forever.
Now, Yejun’s brother called. Let me give it a listen.
That's right. Yeah. Hey Bongbu.
Congratulations Ye-hyung.
Thank you. Brother, today is our first time.
It's so nice that you're doing this today. yes
I really wanted to wish you a happy
birthday today for the first time.
Oh, I spoke roughly yesterday, but I didn't tell Bly
why he was late, but that he had his own circumstances.
I had my own circumstances. Yeah.
What is this and what am I?
Well, to explain the story, how come
I didn't know your birthday? Okay?
Oh yeah, it was right around 11:30 or
so. We were together. Oh, there was.
Oh, but is it now 11:40 or 50?
Yes, I just finished it recently. That's
right. That's right. I was on the move. Yeah.
But it happened to rain a lot again yesterday.
It rained a lot. Yesterday was right.
So I couldn't physically make it to 12 [Snorts].
Oh, so why is it raining? Is
it like that from Umbrella?
I was on the move. It's just that I was moving, I was moving, it
was raining too much, I couldn't do this, I couldn't do this.
I really need to take care of this, but I was doing
it and it arrived just in time. I played Giga. Yeah.
It was past 12 o'clock at that time.
Ah, I see. After 12 o'clock, I forgot.
Oh. Rather, I like it better because you just
say it like this. Yeah. Oh, I have to be honest.
But why are you talking like this? Oh,
you forgot? Oh, of course I won't forget.
Of course [laughter]
[Gasp] Good job. brother.
Ah, anyway, happy birthday.
[Laughs]
Talk to me first. I will call you first today.
Yes I did, I did. Oh, I'll take first place.
Uh, I have to be first and say happy birthday. That is
the true duty of a brother. That's right. Well done.
As the sun set, I went
from number 1 to number 1.
Ah, good job, bro. What is everything?
What do you want to win? Let's talk.
Everything's fine now, hyung. I'm not upset at all.
Though I might have been yesterday, judging by Weverse.
No. None, bro. okay. Yeah.
Yeah. thanks. Thank you for not thinking that way.
Oh, really. Yeah. uh. I absolutely did not forget.
[Laughs] No, no, no. Oh really
no. No, no, no, don't worry.
No, I was watching the show all the time. Yeah yeah. He
worked hard and did very well. I work hard. try hard. Yeah.
What is it? Where have the hamster
friends gone? Also, hamster friends?
Uh. Oh, I don't have it right now, but if I
drop something like a sunflower, it will come.
Ah, that memory just came through your body, it
was so cute. It's really so cute. Yeah. Yeah.
I understand that I gave a lot of
haebak seeds to those friends.
And today is your birthday, yeah.
Still, I hope you give PLLI a lot
of love and have a good time. Okay.
Happy birthday, good luck with the rest of the
broadcast, and I hope you receive lots of love today.
Go home and sleep soundly later. Get some good
sleep, okay? Thank you. See you tomorrow.
Hurry up and play flingha. Ah, see you later.
Please give lots of love to Gripply Bamby.
Thank you. Oh, okay. Congratulations!
Are you going? Pull it. huh.
Oh Yeah. But how can I guess who it is
by looking at it? I am greater. uh.
Yes, you got it right. Another first
message. Did I get the second message right?
I love you like an angel. Who was
this? This is Noah. Oh, are you Hamin?
Noah, are you Hamin?
[Snorts]
No. Hamin, this is it. It's Hamin.
Sorry. You really got it right. Why?
Oh, I don't know.
The person who said something like 486 also called Yoon Na
Seo-min for the password 486, and there was also a challenge.
We did it together and Hamin
said, isn’t it a prize?
And now I feel like I'm going to get one
phone call after another. Yeah. Yesterday?
Yeah. Well, I got a call. Who do you think is calling again?
Noah Harmin. Noah Harmin. I am Hamin. Come and see. hello.
That's right.
I have something to say.
Limited here for a while
[Bamby sings]
That's it for now. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Hami.
I got it right. Hami, I got it
right. Oh, how did you guess it?
Oh my, our Hami once again gave
the meaning of 486 in a cute way.
If I came first in the phone calls too, I'd seem
greedy. You did well. I came second for this part.
I think Hami has made concessions and entered
the house now, but I am curious where he is now.
Ah, in my case, I was just practicing singing.
Ah, our Hami, even at this time, you are showing
us that you are working hard again as always.
Have you eaten Ha’s meal? I ate
rice with my brother earlier.
[Laughs]
I ate Samgaetang. Samgyetang? Samgaetang.
Oh, I did. Yeah. Yeah. good job.
Now I have to go exercise. Now, go exercise
again, our Hami. Yeah. Oh my, it was like that.
Yeah. And now you are having a
good time again. Yeah. That scare.
[Laughs]
Uh. okay. Yeah. great.
Oh well, yes, yes, I am very blessed as I
feel like I am receiving a lot of love today.
Yeah. Oh, I'm getting a lot.
Yeah. I'll get some today. Yeah.
You've streamed two days in a row. Isn't it exhausting?
--If it were too hard, I wouldn't have done it.
Oh, if you were going to make this look
difficult, then Yeah. It doesn't even start. Hey.
I'm totally fine.
You sound like you're doing well. I
enjoyed it, hyung. You did a great job.
From one to ten, it is colored with you.
Uh,
[Laughs] It was all water.
You heard it, we. Yeah. hmm.
Great. And now it's time
for the next order. What?
Next. Who do you think will be next to call?
I haven't seen the message yet. I
guess we'll have to wait and see.
Yeah. Noah just caught a persimmon. Persimmon
is an aging type. Absolutely Noah. All right.
I know, so I won't say anything.
Yeah. I understand, Hamin.
Yeah. See you again. all right.
Yeah. Hello PLLI. I love you PLLI.
I love Gohyeong too. Yeah. Yeah. good
night. Oh, don't sleep well. Yeah. Yeah.
But we are making this
call. Wow. Wow. okay. okay.
0124 025 0179 2848 I love you forever.
0 is 02. It's 0.
Let's be friends for 0 days
and forever. 2nd 4th edition
Friends forever? Yes, eternal friends. [Snorts] It's
'ipan-sapan.' I don't know what 0124 means--not 'love forever.'
Right? love you forever What is a ball?
Ah, but the day was too late.
I have to go. What is 025?
Please let me know. Oh, that's a lie.
I'm betting my today is
just being 100% Noah hyung.
Hang two shoes.
[Snorts] But it’s really funny. We were together
a little while ago and we were talking [laughs]
Wishing me a happy birthday on the phone again, as
if we had just seen each other for the first time.
Hey Noah, hello.
So what? Isn’t it Noah?
Ah, Eunho. Oh, it's Eunho.
[Laughs]
Eunho is following Noah. How does it look?
Hey, hey, I saw that phone number.
Oh, what do you do when you see that? Not fun.
I have to take off my shoes because of you. Why now? I
talked about it. My name is Noah. Why did you say that?
Noah has something useful to say. ah.
Oh, don't you know that?
Huh. Ah, how do you live in this world
if you are so clueless? whatever?
Yeah. wait a minute. I had to talk while watching the live chat.
I just turned on the TV. Could you please turn off the sound?
I already turned it off. That's
natural. Oh, are you ready?
Oh, I'm embarrassed. It's been a few years now.
But what do you do when you watch the chat?
No, because I have to watch my reaction and proceed
while communicating with our players in real time. hmm.
Anyway Yeah. happy birthday.
Thank you. Wonho. Yeah.
Yes, this is more.
You congratulated me in person earlier, and now you've
even called. Thank you--the day isn't over yet.
Yeah. It hasn't passed yet, but it's a bit
disappointing to talk about it like that.
Oh Yeah. Anyway, I fell asleep while watching the
broadcast at the beginning. Oh, it wasn't fun.
No, no, but these days, we're
working really hard on this.
How can I enjoy watching this broadcast?
Yes, it was so noisy that I turned it off after
watching TV for a while. Was that the noise?
Your energy was so high! [Laughs] I watched it all.
--You sang so well today. --Really? Did you enjoy it?
Yes, is that right?
Tdu-duri Eunho always says to me, Tdu-duri?
[Laughs] Oh, you're a lot of rust.
I've been doing a lot of japdori-- [Laughs] --You mean
you've been scolding people, not getting scolded?
Oh, are you a miscellaneous person? Yeah, yeah,
anyway, congratulations and I'm practicing dancing.
Yes, you've seen it all along.
Yes, what does that hamster do? You
practiced with the hamster, right?
Oh, I really enjoyed it. You worked very hard.
Yeah. Ah, I think it came out pretty well.
Is it so? Thank goodness. Yeah. I go
because I think it came out well.
[Laughs]
I love you. Oh, I love you.
I love you. Oh, anyway, is anything
okay today? [Laughs] You guessed it.
Anyway, you are cute today, now. But yeah.
Now, the member hasn't called yet, right?
Uh. There's one person left.
You know, the main character.
He's always like that--deliberately trying to
make himself the main character. Anyway...
Yes it is. Well, I had a good
time with PLLI. Yeah. Yeah.
What should I say? Now I can just go, now.
[Laughs]
Yeah.
Oh, I'll take good care of that dog
next to me. Uh, okay. All right.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Happy
birthday once again and Yeah.
Among those two songs, I like
Uh Dui and Sean Manders' song.
Yeah. If I had to choose among them, I would
choose the song by senior Acheon Manders.
Both were good, but thank you.
Ah, today's pop moment with Ban B's unique pop song. Ah, it
was very refreshing. [Laughs] Okay. Woori Eun, yes, I will go.
Oh thank you Yes, happy birthday.
Yeah. After finishing, come over
to my house. If you're bored.
I love that. i love you.
Oh my Eunho. What is Eun?
100179401 Wow, this is not expected.
Won 0 1 Let's be friends forever.
What is Sayoungil?
4 will die forever until eternity
dies and 1 will die forever
1 What?
I don't know.
One hundred points--you're a perfect hundred!
Wow. What does 401, 'eternal friend,' mean?
What could 401 mean?
Oh, 'love forever.' So it
means 'I'll love you forever.'
Did people actually use this
code on pagers? Oh, I see.
Wow, so that's what it means. 'You're a perfect
hundred, my friend forever. I love you.'
Wow, I like it. I never used
a pager, so I wouldn't know.
PLLI doesn't know pagers either, right? Neither
do I. Did any PLLI here actually use one?
Really.
It's romantic--the sun setting, crickets chirping,
and pager messages going back and forth.
Some old song would make perfect
background music for this.
So you don't really know them either.
You saw one before? I don't know.
We have someone from the pager generation here.
Which generation used pagers--Generation
X? Quite a few of you know them.
Some say it's a secret; someone
says their father had one at work.
A lot of you never used one. The
air here is so fresh and lovely.
Apparently 486 means 'I love you' because
that's the stroke count of the Korean phrase.
Wow, I love that.
Should we make a pager code for me
too? Zero, one, two, three, four...
Five... Mine should have a
nine in it, since I'm Bonggu.
How could we encode 'Bonggu'? One, two,
three, four, five, six... zero-nine.
That's not bad. Or should we use
43? I do like the number 43.
But I don't want to limit myself
too much to the number 43.
I like 43, of course, but '43 Bonggu' came from
the fortune that I'd become a CEO after 43.
So what if it happens earlier? It could be so.
4309 Not bad. Let's go to 4309.
439 Oh ah, I'm going to change
my password. Is this possible?
4309 So are all of our loose raincoats the same?
Then I can solve it. It's okay.
We don't have any secrets.
4309 I will solve it. I got a call.
I got a call. Our Noah hyung.
Hello bro. Yeah. Noah. It's not a system.
Hyung is last in the order. [Laughs] Seriously, hyung,
don't make this awkward. Don't even try it now.
Brother what? It doesn't even work. It
doesn't even come. Oh, sorry. I exercised.
I just finished working out. There were exactly
ten minutes left, so I thought I should call.
Is it so? Where did you do today?
Today? [Snorts] Our Bamby did a good chest workout
with his trainer. It had been a while, right?
Oh, today's upper chest is delicious.
It's Bambysi's birthday today.
[Laughs]
Right?
Yes, so what is it like? What do you
think? Oh, are you asking my opinion?
Ah yes yes I like it. What what? Yeah. I'm
kinda uh kinda yeah, working hard again
Earlier, while you were preparing for the birthday show and
practicing the dances, you looked a little tired. [Laughs]
No, we didn't expect it because of the sudden
schedule in Japan and various other schedules.
I was a little anxious about preparing a
lot, but you've been dancing since Japan.
So. I feel anxious. Oh, I did it anyway. Well
done, good job. Yes, good job. Oh, I can't see it.
Yeah. Brother, your heart is more important than
me. Oh, you don't see what I think. brother.
Uh, bro. You don't see it. There's
nothing to say. no. You don't see it.
I see Bomin Kim.
Wow, how can you not keep
using what you see as shorts?
But have you ever seen both hours? When your
broadcast brother disappears? There isn't any. Yeah.
Who is really in the extreme?
Ah, 3 years ago. [Laughs] Oh, to be honest. Oh, that's
right. Yeah. You're honest. uh. No, are you really there?
No. There isn't any. Yeah. what?
No, why are you looking? No,
but that's right for me.
Oh, let's watch the broadcast
now when we're not around.
Oh, I watch other friends and
other members' broadcasts.
Oh, that's natural. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
No, no--it's Bamby's birthday. You can't keep scolding
me like this. Stop it, hyung. --When did I scold you?
[Laughs] You don’t know this song? what? The kind
of nagging feeling you need to love. Ah, nagging.
It's not a chore. Right? nagging.
A show needs some nagging to be fun. Would it be
entertaining if we only said nice things to each other?
No, but sometimes you sound like my mom when I nag you about
how long your hair is. Oh how good that is. It's good.
Okay.
Oh, I'm the one who keeps making you feel your mother's
love right now. But I believe that it is love.
You said it was love. [Laughs] That kind
of nagging thing that you have to love.
Okay. Anyway, I'm really
celebrating my birthday today.
I believe you had a happy birthday today. Yeah.
Yeah. And I don't think there's
much left to air, but that's right.
The remaining time will be fun and exciting
with our Flee. Send it again. Yeah.
Oh, I love you Plea.
[Laughs]
Suddenly, no, in my life, why is
my brother confessing to PLLI?
No, I can also say I love PLLI. all
right. okay. Oh, I love you too. Yeah.
Oh, and lastly, since we are the main
character today, we love Bamby. i love you.
I love you. I love you.
Yeah. Well, today is the rainy
season, everyone. that's right.
Because it's rainy season, you have to
be careful when it's dark at night.
Be careful Bamby. Bamby, the real Bamby,
be careful. Yeah. song. Going. Bye bye.
Yeah.
Oh my. Oh, I want all the
members to come here together.
Ah, [Sighs] This is how we are
now a team and now together
Always running hard and always
doing something next to you
Looking at it, I think we understand each other
a lot about how each person feels. So sometimes
It's like this, but I can really empty my
thoughts, and I can do it on a regular basis.
But now, with comments from members, I think doing
something like this is more healing than just fun.
Especially when there are members who worked hard together
[Snorts], I am really happy about that. So when I go to Japan
I'm really happy. I remember being
so excited before I even took it.
Yeah. Want to tell me a scary story? No way.
I can't see that I'm the
only one right now. Why not?
[Snorts] Wow, but the weather really
gets better quickly. Yeah. how is it?
The streetlights are really emotional. Wow, this
is awesome. You can see the stars well here, here.
Right?
Well, now it's night again.
I also have something I want to
say to PLLI. Please give me that
I thought, why not include it in the last song?
Great. I'll give it a try.
[Snorts]
Should I hold the spoon forward or
backward? I'll hold it like this.
[Clears throat]
[Bamby sings]
Wow! Did you see that, Bam-deu-ppeu-i?
Thank you so much for wishing
me a happy birthday, everyone.
I'm Bonggu, and I always want to show you
more. If PLLI wants it, I can do anything.
Okay, now let's proceed with the
capture time. Now, let's go.
Now, capture. Please take a picture
with our facial expressions.
Well, I'm sleeping.
I had to take a picture like this because the
background is so pretty. How do I take a picture?
How do I take a picture? Far away. I sit
here because the light is good here.
Yeah.
Hi. ah,
Listen, cake cake cake
where is it? Breaking Akigi
Now, Bongday, Bongday, Bongday
Oh okay, now. [Sigh] Ah,
Now, is it in front of here?
Well, guys, we recently
We recently watched The Girl
Who Leapt Through Time, right?
What if you gained the
ability to turn back time?
What did I say last time? At
the encore concert, I said...
I wouldn't want to change the
past. It's the same in that movie.
Every time you alter the past, something
else changes. I wouldn't want that.
My conclusion is that I'm happiest right now. It
might be different if I'd never met PLLI, but...
I'm receiving so much love now, and the bond
I've built with PLLI has grown so strong.
The movie made me certain that I
don't want to change any of it.
This moment with PLLI is perfect to
me--even its uncertainty and imperfections.
So even as time passes, please
stay beside me as you always have.
Thank you for celebrating my birthday and
always loving me. I want to promise you...
That I won't change either. So everyone...
Please always stay by my side
like this. I'll never change.
I promise. I truly, truly love you.
[Bamby sings in Japanese]
It was all planned.
Just so you know, a From.PLAVE
version will be released too.
[Bamby sings in Japanese]
Thank you, PLLI. I love
you. I'm heading off now.
PLLI, I'll be waiting for you in the future.